Test infrastructure readme update (#1143)
cahirwpz/mimiker: wiki/docs/tests.md

  `repeat` specifies the number of times each test will be run. For example,
  `test=test1,test2 repeat=4` will run `test1` 4 times and then run `test2` 4 times.

> ## Programming tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tests implementation
```
I am not sure about this one

Located in `/sys/tests`.
Test function signature looks like this: `{name}(void)` or sometimes
`{name}(unsigned int)` but needs to be coerced to `(int (*)(void))`.

Macros to register tests:

* `KTEST_ADD(name, func, flags)`
* `KTEST_ADD_RANDINT(name, func, flags, max)` - need to cast function pointer to
  `(int (*)(void))`

Where `name` is test name, `func` is pointer to test function,
flags as mentioned below, and `max` is maximum random argument fed to the test.

### User tests

Located in `/bin/utest`.
User-space test function signature looks like this: `int test_{name}(void)` and
should be defined in `/bin/utest/utest.h`.
In order to make the test runnable one has to add one of these lines to
`/sys/tests/utest.c` file:

* `UTEST_ADD_SIMPLE({name})` - test fails on assertion or non-zero return value.
* `UTEST_ADD_SIGNAL({name}, {SIGNUMBER})` - test passes when terminated with
  `{SIGNUMBER}`.
* `UTEST_ADD({name}, {exit status}, flags)` - test passes when exited with
  status `{exit status}`.

One also needs to add a line

* `CHECKRUN_TEST({name})` in `/bin/utest/main.c`,
* `int test_{name}(void);` in `/bin/utest/utest.h`,
* `${filename}.c` in `bin/utest/Makefile`.

> #### Creating tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating tests
```

Tests are supposed to return `0` or create kernel panic during execution,

> that can be achieved by usage of `assert`. That implies that one should change
> parts of its code that may look like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that can be achieved by the usage of `assert`. That implies that the test
shouldn't look like the code bellow
```

```c
pid_t child_pid;
switch (child_pid = fork())
{
case -1: /* error */
    perror("fork");
    exit(EXIT_FAILURE);

case 0:               
    /* child */
    ...

default:               
    /* parent */
    ...
}
```

> to more like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but more like this one
```
